Intersections indicate preferred lane usage (#529)
mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift: CHANGELOG.md

> * This library requires Turf v2.0.0-alpha.3. ([#525](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/525))

Author: should these comments be under v1.2.x or v2.0?

Reviewer: It is a little messy right now: we haven’t put out a v1._x_ release but could do so in conjunction with navigation SDK v1.4.0. Once that happens, there will be a v1.4 section below, but this section is actually for v2.0.0 and just hasn’t been updated to say so yet.

* The `Incident.impact` property is now an `Incident.Impact` value instead of a string. ([#519](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/519))

> ## v2.0.0

Reviewer: Even the whole section above is for v2.0.0, but we can clean it up after merging the PR.

> * Added the `Intersection.preferredApproachLanes`, `Intersection.usableLaneIndication`, `Lane.isActive`, and `Lane.validIndication` properties that indicate preferred lane usage. ([#529](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/529))

Reviewer: The `Lane` struct is internal, so we shouldn’t mention it in the changelog; the additions to `Intersection` are what concern developers. However, we should also mention that the `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:)` case has been renamed to `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:preferredDirection:)`.

> * Added the `Intersection.preferredApproachLanes` and `Intersection.usableLaneIndication` properties that indicate preferred lane usage. `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:)` has been renamed to `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:preferredDirection:)`. Note that comparison for `Intersection`s is now stricter around road classes, regions, and rest stops. ([#529](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/529))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `Intersection.preferredApproachLanes` and `Intersection.usableLaneIndication` properties that indicate preferred lane usage. `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:)` has been renamed to `VisualInstruction.Component.lane(indications:isUsable:preferredDirection:)`. ([#529](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/529))
* Comparing two `Intersection`s with `==` now considers whether the `Intersection.restStop`, `Intersection.regionCode`, and `Intersection.outletMapboxStreetsRoadClass` properties are equal. ([#529](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-directions-swift/pull/529))
```
